I refrain myself from commenting on the politics of foreign countries because I believe local people know better than foreigners about what's good for their country.

But please allow me to express my opinion against you giving up your 2nd amendment.

First of all, I do try to understand the fear of the gun problem. I cannot say that I understand full well but I can tell it is really horrible to have to fear that. However the consequence of giving up you right could be tragical and it would be almost irreversible.

I don't agree with the narrative of "there were not assault rifles back then". True, morden firearms are more powerful and thus more dangerous. But why did your ancestors need guns to fight tyranny? Because the tyrant's side won't refrain themselves from using gun against the common people.

Guns became more power nowadays means the government also have more powerful weapons, if anything, the improvement of their equipment only outpace that of the common people. So why would you want to widen the gap by giving up the minor improvement you have access to?

I do agree with some saying that even assault weapon won't be enough should your government turn tyrannic. But at least, with your firearms, you are still a force to be reckoned with. You would still be able to maintain a certain degree of mutual fear. Without mutual fear, men can turn into monsters real quick. And what would you do when that happens? "Er... may I have my 2nd Amendment back?"?

The centralized power (not limited to governments, but I doubt if they won't work together) is already monstrous. The data harvest, the surveillance, the media, the military. Come to thing about it, most of the essentials are controlled by the influential.

Just imagine for some reason your government turn tyrannic tomorrow and start making "laws" that would have your rights further deprived. What will you do? Will you want to have somewhat a chance to fight back? Or will you be fine with them coming out to the street laughing and say that everything is in order?

You don't find you have the necessity to have guns for your daily life. But it might very well because your right to have guns prevented the necessities from emerging.

Again, even auto-weapon won't be enough to fight a gov. head on. The current systems and laws ain't doing us people favor either. Before new systems and laws are invented, please treasure your rights to protect your rights. Please.
